welcome to Entebbe Uganda we call upon
revolutionary movements everywhere to
focus the attention of the world on the
Palestinian people's struggle there are
239 passengers 83 are Israeli Germans
hijacking a plane load of Israelis Jews
you must know how this looks to the rest
of the world I know how this looks
it's not the reality we don't want to
hurt anyone
are you many Terence we need to find out
if idiot Amin is helping them
we can't afford to negotiate with
terrorists as political suicide if your
government to do not negotiate
I will kill two children every 24 hours
starting with this - we didn't agree to
this
I'm not announcing
[Music]
you're having doubts you should leave
why are you even want to throw bombs
into the consciousness of the masses are
you ready to kill are you ready to die
they are TNT all around the building we
have to act as soon as they know we're
coming they start to kill they want the
world to watch tries to resist me will
be shot
[Music]
whatever happens we did the right thing